Grappling blade and whip

A barbed sword, resembling a harpoon,
joined to a length of rope made of Ayakka
fiber. There was once a society of Raiders,
that stood against the Phyrxians and their
empire of steel. These vagabond warriors
wielded serrated blades. By taking from
others, the Raiders built a society of
scraps and salvage, to rival all others.
Ayakka-hide map, subterranean tunnels

A map inscribed on Ayakka-hide showing 
complex networks of tunnels underneath the
Buried God's Mouth. Deep within the Earth,
away from the Weeping Devil and the
Devouring God, the Atarnus were protected
by the Buried God. In their society, no-one 
was lord to another. Mutual hardships gave the 
Raiders a unity, greater than all others.
Diagram of trenches and labyrinthean tunnels

Children of the Earth and Desecrators of
the Sky, the Atarnus were said to have been
protected by the Land itself. They were the
first to build trenches to fortify their
cities. For decades, the Atarnean cities 
were untouched by foreign hands until the
climax of the Final War. Despite their
mighty fortifications, they fell like the rest.